---
title: FAQ about AI Assistant in Adobe Experience Manager Guides
description: Learn about the frequently asked questions on AI Assistant in Adobe Experience Manager Guides.
exl-id: 3445ba5a-ef12-4756-8b8d-2ae21bc65955
TQID: https://experienceleague.adobe.com/W7kUVGjY-NDdsmomAOlnqZU38gnvWdi2qiq92g8DpJA
product_v2:
  - id: fae5e35a-80c9-4b94-9352-1a060a6aab1d
    internal-label: Experience Manager Guides
  - id: fd1f54a9-f50c-467d-8956-cebbaf4f3eb8
    internal-label: Experience Manager
feature_v2:
  - id: ab01a588-7dea-43f2-a699-0b3f128465d6
    internal-label: Authoring
  - id: ec4263d9-bf7c-44c7-b3f1-3e664861c8f2
    internal-label: Generative AI
role_v2:
  - id: b69b2659-1057-424e-8fc5-ed9e016dc554
    internal-label: User
topic_v2:
  - id: d095671a-1355-40aa-8b5f-06c33c68080b
    internal-label: Security
  - id: f4e6943a-c91a-4134-a2c7-f4f20cfff2f0
    internal-label: Privacy
---
# FAQ 

The following is a list of answers to frequently asked questions about AI Assistant in Adobe Experience Manager Guides.

## Does AI Assistant use personal data for training?

AI Assistant in Adobe Experience Manager Guides is built ensuring privacy and security as top priorities. It does not use any personal data or content shared by the user for training purposes. 

## Is the content I provide to AI Assistant shared with others?

No, the content and prompts you provide to AI Assistant are not shared with other customers. AI Assistant processes your inputs only to generate responses within your workspace and does not use them to train models for others. For more details, view [Adobe Generative AI user guidelines](https://www.adobe.com/legal/licenses-terms/adobe-dx-gen-ai-user-guidelines.html).

## Can I give feedback on the AI Assistant's responses? 

Yes, you get the options to like, dislike, or report the responses generated by AI Assistant. Your feedback helps the Experience Manager Guides team enhance the accuracy and relevance of AI Assistant responses, improving its performance over time. To learn more about these features, view [AI-powered smart Help to search content](./ai-based-smart-help.md).

## How long is the data from conversational Help stored? 

The data from the **Authoring** assistant is not stored. However, questions and responses in conversational **Help** panel are stored for a period of **3 months**. This data is used by the Adobe team to validate the accuracy of the AI Assistant **Help** functionality.
